feat(relations): allow to specify obj or subj types using natural keys (#1115)
acdh-oeaw/apis-core-rdf: docs/source/ontology.rst

Relations have to inherit from :class:`apis_core.relations.models.Relation`. You will
have to set the attribute `subj_model` and `obj_model` which point
to some Django model (can also be a list of Django models). The Django models can be

> specified by their class name or using the naturaly key of the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specified by their class name or using the natural key of the model (`"APP_NAME.MODEL_CLASS"`)
```
